Add Fluent Bit log-aggregation example for IQ Server HA (CLM-39987) (#69)
sonatype/nexus-iq-server-ha: chart/README.md

cluster directory `log/` subdirectory (e.g., `/sonatype-work/clm-cluster/log/<name>-${HOSTNAME}.log`) to ensure
the support zip can collect logs from all nodes and the cleanup CronJob handles retention.

## Log Aggregation

As of version 202.0.0, the Helm chart no longer includes a bundled log aggregator. Customers are responsible for
deploying their own log aggregation solution. This section provides guidance on integrating external log aggregators.

### Log File Locations

IQ Server pods write logs to the shared cluster directory, which is accessible via the PVC:

| Log Type | File Pattern | Path |
|----------|-------------|------|
| Server | `<pod-name>-clm-server.log` | `/sonatype-work/clm-cluster/log/` |
| Request | `<pod-name>-request.log` | `/sonatype-work/clm-cluster/log/` |
| Audit | `<pod-name>-audit.log` | `/sonatype-work/clm-cluster/log/` |
| Policy Violation | `<pod-name>-policy-violation.log` | `/sonatype-work/clm-cluster/log/` |
| Stderr | `<pod-name>-stderr.log` | `/sonatype-work/clm-cluster/log/` |

### Log Format

> Logs are written in plain text with the following format:

Reviewer: suggestion: I think each log might have a slightly different format, i would reword this slightly to "Logs are written as text e.g. by default the server log is written with the following format:"

Author: 🤖 The whole `### Log Format` section was rewritten — it now describes each log type's format separately (text for server/request, JSON for audit/policy-violation, raw for stderr) with a sample line for each. Initial wording change was in 69c0db8; per-type expansion in 7577ae4.

```
YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS,SSS+ZZZZ LEVEL [thread] user logger - message
```

Example:
```
2026-06-02 17:01:28,138+0000 INFO [main] *SYSTEM com.sonatype.insight.brain.service.InsightBrainService - Initializing...
```

### Integrating External Log Aggregators

The Helm chart supports a "bring your own aggregator" model. To integrate Fluent Bit:

1. **Deploy Fluent Bit** as a separate Kubernetes resource
2. **Mount the existing PVC** (`iq-server-pvc` by default) to access log files
3. **Configure Fluent Bit** to tail the log files from `/sonatype-work/clm-cluster/log/`

> 4. **Forward logs** to your desired destination

Reviewer: suggestion: I would leave this preamble generic since it should apply to any aggregator e.g. "Deploy your log aggregator as a separate Kubernetes resource" etc and only go into specifics for fluent bit below

Author: fixed!

### Example: Fluent Bit Integration

A working Fluent Bit example is provided in the `examples/fluent-bit/` directory of this repository.

**Prerequisites:**
- The example assumes your namespace is `iq-ha` (the YAML default). If using a different namespace, see the customization steps below.
- The example assumes your PVC is named `iq-server-pvc` (the chart default).

**Quick Deploy:**

```bash
# Deploy Fluent Bit with file output (local aggregation)
# These files create resources in the 'iq-ha' namespace by default
kubectl apply -f examples/fluent-bit/fluent-bit-configmap.yaml
kubectl apply -f examples/fluent-bit/fluent-bit-daemonset.yaml
```

**To use a different namespace:**

```bash
# Option 1: Edit files before applying
sed 's/namespace: iq-ha/namespace: your-namespace/g' examples/fluent-bit/fluent-bit-configmap.yaml | kubectl apply -f -
sed 's/namespace: iq-ha/namespace: your-namespace/g' examples/fluent-bit/fluent-bit-daemonset.yaml | kubectl apply -f -

# Option 2: Download and modify
mkdir -p my-fluent-bit
cp examples/fluent-bit/*.yaml my-fluent-bit/
sed -i 's/namespace: iq-ha/namespace: your-namespace/g' my-fluent-bit/*.yaml
kubectl apply -f my-fluent-bit/

> ```

Reviewer: q: are options 1 & 2 separate? For 1 it looks like you'd need to download as well, if so maybe combine these

Author: fixed!

## Log Aggregation

As of version 202.0.0, the Helm chart no longer includes a bundled log aggregator. Customers are responsible for
deploying their own log aggregation solution. This section provides guidance on integrating external log aggregators.

### Log File Locations

IQ Server pods write logs to the shared cluster directory, which is accessible via the PVC:

| Log Type | File Pattern | Path |
|----------|-------------|------|
| Server | `<pod-name>-clm-server.log` | `/sonatype-work/clm-cluster/log/` |
| Request | `<pod-name>-request.log` | `/sonatype-work/clm-cluster/log/` |
| Audit | `<pod-name>-audit.log` | `/sonatype-work/clm-cluster/log/` |
| Policy Violation | `<pod-name>-policy-violation.log` | `/sonatype-work/clm-cluster/log/` |
| Stderr | `<pod-name>-stderr.log` | `/sonatype-work/clm-cluster/log/` |

### Log Format

Logs are written as text and by default the server log is written with the following format:

```
YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS,SSS+ZZZZ LEVEL [thread] user logger - message
```

Example:
```
2026-06-02 17:01:28,138+0000 INFO [main] *SYSTEM com.sonatype.insight.brain.service.InsightBrainService - Initializing...

> ```

Reviewer: suggestion: it might be worth giving an example for each log type (using the default config)

Author: 🤖 Done in commit 7577ae40 — the chart README's Log Format section now has a realistic sample line for each of the five log types (server, request, audit, policy-violation, stderr) under the default config. The audit and policy-violation samples also call out their JSON time-key fields. See chart/README.md:680-755.

### Integrating External Log Aggregators

> The Helm chart supports a "bring your own aggregator" model. To integrate Fluent Bit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Helm chart supports a "bring your own aggregator" model. To integrate your log aggregator:
```
